
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                                                      |
| Cintient, Continuous Integration made simple.                        |
| Copyright (c) 2010, 2011, Pedro Mata-Mouros Fonseca                  |
|                                                                      |
| This file is part of Cintient.                                       |
|                                                                      |
| Cintient is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify     |
| it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by |
| the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or    |
| (at your option) any later version.                                  |
|                                                                      |
| Cintient is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,          |
| but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of       |
| MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the         |
| GNU General Public License for more details.                         |
|                                                                      |
| You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License    |
| along with Cintient. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.     |
|                                                                      |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+



 INTRODUCTION
 ============

Cintient is a Continuous Integration web application written in PHP. It
was written to be simple to setup and straightforward to use - with
special attention to UI - in order to bring CI practices to most small
to medium projects that just don't justify the setup of a more complex
CI solution.
 
 
 
 WHAT IT DOES
 ============
 
Cintient keeps track of all commits going into your sourcecode repository
and automatically runs an integration builder. The user defines what this
integration builder does specifically, through the use of a visual
interface for configuring tasks - ranging from simple code syntax
checks, to more complex software quality analysis. The results are
collected and shown in a variety of charts that you can use to inspect
your projects. Whenever a build fails, Cintient can push-notify users.
These are some of the features:

 1. easy one-time setup of the application (1 minute)
 2. visual edition for builder tasks, i.e., no messing around with Ant
    XML sources for configuring builds
 3. Notifo.com push notifications on your desktop and mobile (using the
    free user account)
 4. PHP syntax checking tasks
 5. PHPUnit integration for unit testing
 6. PHPDepend for quality metrics
 7. PHPCodeSniffer for coding standards enforcement
 8. Code coverage support (PHP Xdebug extension required)
 9. Perl syntax check (just so you know you can add support to pretty
    much every language you want)

On the other hand, if you're looking for a distributed-builds capable
CI server, you'll really have to look elsewhere. Cintient will probably
never try to do this.
    
    

 REQUIREMENTS
 ============

 1. Apache HTTPD with mod_rewrite (for the automatic installation)
 2. PHP 5.3.0 or later
 3. PHP with sqlite3 version 2.5 or later
 4. [Optional] Xdebug (for PHP code coverage support)



 INSTALLING
 ==========

Check the requirements above. You need them in order to perform an easy
install. Go through the following steps:
 1. Your web server's configuration must allow you to specify per
    directory .htaccess files and mod_rewrite directives within them.
    For this you need to have at least "AllowOverride FileInfo". Also,
    enable "Options FollowSymLinks" and "DirectoryIndex index.php".
    If you've changed these just now, don't forget to restart your
    Apache server. 
 2. Open up a browser window, navigate to the directory where you
    unpacked Cintient. You should see the installer coming up.
 3. Follow the instructions. It should only take you a minute to
    finish.



 CONTRIBUTING
 ============

If you're willing to contribute, there's many ways to go about it. The
prefered would probably mean jumping in on the developers mailing list
(cintient-developers@googlegroups.com) and getting acquainted. It would
also probably mean you checking out the sources and providing some
patches, on that list. If you really want to contribute but really have
no idea what to do, there's no harm in asking.

Anyway, I'm guessing that if enough people use Cintient, they will
probably miss a task or two, and probably will get around to actually
contribute them. Anyway you see it, just come on the mailing list and
get yourself known.



 CREDITS
 =======

Project page:
 . http://code.google.com/p/cintient/

Authored by:
 . Pedro Mata-Mouros
   Twitter: @matamouros
   email: pedro.matamouros@gmail.com

Past contributors:
 . voxmachina
 . miguellmanso
 
Developers mailing list:
 . cintient-developers@googlegroups.com
 
Announce mailing list:
 . cintient-announce@googlegroups.com
 
Users mailing list:
 . cintient-users@googlegroups.com
 